Minor fixes to README.md (#953)
MozillaSecurity/FuzzManager: README.md

The server part of FuzzManager is a Django application. Please note that it
requires the full repository to be checked out, not just the server directory.

> Dependencies are listed in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt). You can use pip to install
> these dependencies using:
> 
> ```pip install -c requirements.txt```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependency constraints are listed in [requirements.txt](requirements.txt). You can ask pip to respect these contraints by installing FuzzManager using:

```pip install -c requirements.txt .```
```
